https://aminoapps.com/c/the-witches-united/page/blog/divination-astrodice/L22k_D5Xs8ug8j4zJpxjjPRz5qQVebQo42
;
https://eclecticwitchcraft.com/astrology-dice/

First: as with all divination: ask a question, the more specific the question the better. 
Instead of saying "will I earn more money" try asking "will my boss give me the promotion I've been trying to get"
Second: Roll the Dice and read them like this
Planets- What
Signs- How
Houses- Where
----------
Planets: For the most part you use the characteristics of the planets. Now I know what you're thinking, there isn't 12 planets, they added two additional symbols called nodes, the upper and lower nodes, their origin is also unknown to me.

Sun: attitude to father or authority figure, royalty, ego, personality, inner identity, the heart, your path, goal consciousness; The ego, your most basic self, consciousness, vitality, stamina, and creation.
Moon: Attitude toward mother and motherhood issues, women in general. Inner nature, rhythms of nature, dark mysteries, the need for closeness and emotional security, the church. Nurses, counselors. The Breasts and Stomach; Emotions, instincts. habits, moods, and the unconscious.
Mercury: mental agility and logical thoughts, desire for knowledge, lying and trickery. Messages. Silver tongue, thinking on your feet. salesman, journalists, writers, teachers. Short journeys. Respiratory system and speech control; The mind, communication, intelligence, reason, and language.
Venus: Harmony, art, music, balance, enjoyment of life, good taste, desire for union either physical or mental, spirituality, money. Artists, poets, actors, dancers. The sexual organs.
Mars: Anger, aggression, sports strength, will and stamina, fearlessness, risk taking, courageous, passionate. Impatience, unpredictable and hot headed. Soldiers, athletes, warlords. The blood, Male sex organs, muscles.
Jupiter: Team player, good times, parties, generosity, gambling, joviality, wealth, spiritual knowledge and wisdom. Expansion. Aspires to higher understanding and compassion. Long distance travel, physical and spiritual. Teachers, philosophers, gurus, priests, athletes and sports people. The liver.
Saturn: Old father time, career ladder, perseverance, working long and hard for just rewards. Discipline, self control, structure, boundaries. Being sensible. Also, not feeling lovable, cramping someone's style, inferiority complex, cruel. The bones. Police, critics, judges, hermits, wise men and women.
Uranus: Rules the age of aquarius. Astrology, unusual occupations, lightening, electricity, aviation. Rebellion, not afraid to be different, humanitarian, independence, flash of inspiration. Intuitive. Restless, unreliable, unpredictable. Nervous system. Reclusives, geniuses, aid workers, astrologers, rebels.
Neptune: sensitivity, confusion about boundaries, sympathetic, visionary, mediumistic, deeply spiritual. Also deceptive, misuse of drugs and alcohol, easily swayed. Longs to merge with others. The pineal gland. Artists, doctors, nurses, musicians, priests, also those addicted to drink and drugs.
Pluto: Death, life, rebirth, total devastation for the sake of regeneration. Power, healing, not afraid of change. Manipulation, misuse of power, fanaticism, obsession. Criminals, charismatic leaders, psychiatrists and hypnotherapists.
South Node: Experiences you bring into this life, inner knowledge. Habits that make you feel secure.
North Node: Lessons to be learned in this life. Difficulties to be overcome to allow further development. Spiritual goals.
-----------



Zodiac signs: these go off of the characteristics of the Zodiac signs.

Aries: Spontaneous with little regard for the outcome. Hot headed, impulsive, always bounces back. Unburdened by cares and others.
Taurus: Conservative, sometimes stubborn. Practical and down to earth, but could also be lacking motivation. Enjoys material wealth.
Gemini: Jack of all trades, lots of things going on at once, no time to go into great depth. Something new around the corner. Sometimes fickle. Natural sales person, smart and clever with out too much emotions. Good social butterfly.
Cancer: Romantic, emotional, tenacious and achieves goal in an indirect way, mother figure, domesticity, caring and nurturing and nourishing.
Leo: Center stage, loves being on a show. Independent but needs flattery. High and mighty. Generous, self confident and positive.
Virgo: perfectionist, great with deals, critical, reserved and distant initially, but loyal and caring. Scientific minds, very logical and unemotional, but communicative.
Libra: Harmony and balance, avoids conflicts and confrontation, sometimes indecisive. Gracious and good at expressing themselves, preserve the equilibrium at all costs. The peacemaker.
Scorpio: Never shallow. Pushes things to their limits, not afraid of power and authority. Enjoy intense emotions. Good at solving problems and getting to the bottom of things. Tremendous emotional strength.
Sagittarius: loves exploring new avenues of thoughts and actions. The adventurer, missionary, pushes towards higher spirituality. Positive to the point of arrogance. Good sense of humor.
Capricorn: Patient and bide their time. Hard working and dedicated. Constrictive and responsible, although sometimes over cautious.
Aquarius: Rebellious, humanitarian, imaginative, friendly, original thinker, sometimes bizarre. Can be distant and aloof, prefers not to be emotionally involved.
Pisces: Wants spiritual freedom, boundaries with others are uncertain. Sympathies and non judgmental, can go with the flaw, not much sense of direction in life.
-----------------------------

Houses: to describe the houses is a difficult task, because as far as I know they're not based on anything. But from what I've observed they're aspects of our lives.

01- your face, what others see; your personal life, how you look, and new beginnings. It also tells you to look out for accidents.
02- Immediate surroundings, personal wealth and resources; look at your finances. There may be lost or stolen objects. Your finances will change, but this could be good or bad. Poverty or wealth, business transactions, and new material desires.
03- short distance travel, communication of all kinds, mental processes. Teaching and learning; represents siblings or people tied to you by blood and location. It also represents short journeys, small vacations, and travel. School, especially early education for children. You may be expecting emails, letters, or advice, but watch out for gossip and rumors.
04- Early childhood, home life, your roots, and physical home; represents parents or people that act as parental figures. Domestic issues are at the heart of your question. There may be new land, real estate, or inheritances on the horizon. This house also represents endings of any situation.
05- children, creativity, art, having fun, self expression, hobbies, gambling, love affairs; fertility, women, children, pregnancy, and fun. It represents creativity, water, rain, teaching, gambling, hobbies, and romance.
06- work and health; deals with all things related to health, hygiene, daily routines, injuries, pets, and employees.
07- relationships and cooperation; close personal partnerships, like in relationships and business. This house could mean divorce, lawsuits, new contracts, rivalries, thieves, astrologists, or an unidentified person that could become a new partnership.
08- Inheritance and philosophy of life; represents death and, because of that, transformations. Could mean literal death, or even birth. It also represents the occult, taxes, debts, mortgages and loans, legacies, inheritances, investigations, suffering, dangers, and corporate money.
09- long distance travel, all things foreign, spirituality, writing and learning; journeys and long distance travel. It also represents religion, philosophy, education, lawyers, dreams, divination, wisdom, the arts, media, and publishing.
10- How you want the public to see you, your place in the world, social position and reputation; your kingdom: your career, your success, your fortune. It is also concerned with the environment and weather, as well as reputations and glory.
11- Groups, humanitarian, causes and team spirit; Good fortune comes with this house. It signals friends, those who may help you, protection, riches, gifts, joy, renewed hope, praise, and group activities.
12- Seclusion, deep thoughts, self sacrifice and isolation; imprisonment. Loss, grief, enemies, and solitude follow it. It represents death, fear, secrets, suffering, things that are hidden, our deepest thoughts, suicide, murder, and addictions.
